[PrivateLink] Remove custom configuration of dd_url and HTTP (#11863)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/guide/private-link.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> 4. Hit the _verify_ button. If it does not return _Service name found_, reach out to the [Datadog support team][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Verify**. If this does not return _Service name found_, reach out to [Datadog support][2].
```

    {{< img src="agent/guide/private_link/vpc_status.png" alt="VPC status" style="width:60%;" >}}

    Once it shows _Available_, the AWS PrivateLink is ready to be used.

> 11. If you are collecting logs data, ensure your Agent is configured to send logs over HTTPS. If it's not already there, add the following to the [Agent `datadog.yaml` configuration file][3]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. If you are collecting logs data, ensure your Agent is configured to send logs over HTTPS. If the data is not already there, add the following to the [Agent `datadog.yaml` configuration file][3]:
```

    DD_LOGS_CONFIG_USE_HTTP=true
    ```

>     This configuration is required when sending logs to Datadog with AWS PrivateLink and the Datadog Agent. See [Agent log collection][4] for more details. This is not required for the Lambda Extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This configuration is required when sending logs to Datadog with AWS PrivateLink and the Datadog Agent, and is not required for the Lambda Extension. See [Agent log collection][4] for more details.
```
